Geography
What is the capital of Senegal
Who is the current president of France
Where is the leaning tower of Pisa located?
One of the ancient world wonders, the “Hanging Gardens,” was found in which city?
What is Earth's largest continent?
Which African nation has the most pyramids?
What is the oldest city in the world?
What country is home to Kangaroo Island?
What is the largest country in South America?
What is the tallest building in the Africa?
History
Who was the first UN Secretary-General
When was the AU formed
When did Nigeria gain independence
Who was the first man on the moon?
Who was the first president of the United States?
Who is known for running through the streets crying Eureka?
Who invented the telephone?
In which year did WWI begin?
Where was Adolf Hitler born?
Along with Hiroshima, which Japanese city was hit by an atomic bomb in 1945?
Sports
Who holds the male 100m track record?
The 2012 Olympic games were held in which city?
Who is the most decorated Olympian?
Who has the most Balon D'Ors in football history?
Which team has won the World Cup 5 times?
Who is the current tennis world number 1 (Male)?
Which country is the most decorated in Olympic basketball history?
How many Grand Slams has Rafael Nadal won?
Which Grand Slam tournament is the newest?
Which NBA team has won the most championships?
Geography Answers
C, Freetown, Porto-Novo, Dakar, Conakry
A, Emmanuel Macron, Laurent Blanc, Francois Holland , Napoleon Bonaparte
D, England, Spain, Denmark, Italy
B, Damascus, Babylon, Cairo, Istanbul
D, Antartica, Australia, Africa, Asia
C, Egypt, Libya, Sudan, Algeria
A, Damascus, Jerusalem, Athens, Jericho
C, Japan, France, Australia, Great Britain
B, Peru, Brazil, Argentina, Columbia
B, UAP Tower - Kenya, The Leonardo - South Africa, Britam Tower - Kenya, NECOM House - Nigeria
History Answers
B, Ban Ki-Moon, Trygve Lie, Kofi Annan, Boutros Boutros-Ghali
C, 1950, 1990, 2001, 2005
A, 1960, 1957, 1990, 1995
A, Neil Armstrong, John Glenn, Sally Ride, Alan Sherpad
B, John Kennedy, George Washington, George Bush, Bill Clinton
C, Plato, Galileo, Archimedes, Pythagoras
D, Thomas Edison, Steve Jobs, Albert Einstein, Alexander Bell
A, 1914, 1932, 1900, 1922
B, Greece, Austria, Germany, Poland
C, Tokyo, Shanghai, Nagasaki, Kyoto
Sports Answers
A, Usain Bolt, Justin Gatlin, Tyson Gay, Benjamin Azamati
C, Paris, Accra, London, Sydney
B, Joe Lewis, Michael Phelps, Shelly Ann Fraser-Pryce, Kurt Angle
B, Cristiano Ronaldo, Lionel Messi, Zinedine Zidane, Kylian Mbappe
D, England, Italy, France, Brazil
C, Rafael Nadal, Roger Federer, Novak Djokovic, Andy Murray
D, France, Nigeria, Serbia, United States of America
A, 20, 23, 15, 17
B, US Open, Australian Open, French Open, Wimbledon
C, Miami Heat, Golden State Warriors, Boston Celtics, Chicago Bulls








